DOC-615 project-level TTL (#649)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/data/en/time-to-live.md

## Configure TTL for your organization

Amplitude Admins can configure TTL. 

> 1. Navigate to **Analytics Settings** and select the **Time-to-Live** tab.

Reviewer: I think there's outdated. @markzegarelli could you update it please?
** Organization Settings ** and ** Time to Live(TTL) tab **

> 1. Navigate to **Analytics Settings** and select the **Time-to-Live** tab.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Organization Settings** and click the **Time to Live(TTL)** tab.
```

{{partial:admonition type="warning" heading="Canceling TTL"}}
If you want to cancel TTL, an admin can rescind the request in the 24 hour period before data deletion begins. After 24 hours, the deletion begins and is irreversible.
{{/partial:admonition}}

### Add a project-level TTL override

Amplitude Admins can add overrides.

> 1. Navigate to **Analytics Settings** and select the **Time-to-Live** tab.

Reviewer: ** Organization Settings ** and **Time to Live(TTL)** tab
